Analyzed sales data of a hardware manufacturing company and generated insights related to finance, sales, marketing, and supply chain
analytics. With Bulk loading of data and establishing relationships in a Snowflake schema format between the tables with ERD in MySQL data
was ready for Analysis. Used statistical functions for data aggregation and summarization to generate Profit and Loss metrics, developed Stored
Procedures for the complex queries to help product owners generate reports, established a pipeline to derive Key Metrics.
● Generated valuable reports to stakeholders on top markets, platforms, and customers. Metrics, such as Net Error, Absolute Net Error, and Forecast
Accuracy, that helped businesses make informed decisions.
● Connected Power BI to MySQL and Excel, transformed data by establishing a data pipeline (ETL) using Power Query, Data Modelling to establish
relations by snowflake schema and initial Data validation was done against benchmark values.
● Utilized DAX to create calculated columns and measures to built a dynamic dashboard with features such as KPI’s, trends, Top Performers etc.
● Published a report on Power BI service for user acceptance testing (UAT) and Data validation through Excel Analyze.
● Incorporated stakeholder feedback to create an Executive Dashboard, resolved quality issues, optimized dashboard performance, and deployed the
dashboard to Power BI service with gateway setup to MySQL Database and local Excel files for Automatic Data Refresh.
● Various Project Management Skills like Project charter, stakeholder mapping analysis, Kanban board for task assignment to improve productivity
● A Designed dashboard with up to three levels of analysis, was able to ask the stakeholders many why’s, to their top performing, product, markets,
customers, % changes and trends in P&L metrics, supply chain forecast accuracy for inventory management has helped to improve overall business.
eCommerce Database Analysis – SQL Data Analyst Challenge at Maven Analytics.
● Analyzed and optimized business marketing channels, website conversion performance, business patterns and seasonality, explore the
impact of new product launches and find valuable customers.
● Conducted in-depth analysis on website traffic sources using UTM parameters for various segments of paid traffic for bid optimization. A/B
split testing to analyze key landing page by conversion rate.
● Derived conversion funnels for various website pages to understand the user experience towards product purchasing. Day-parting analysis and
analyzed seasonality and business patterns to maximize efficiency and anticipate future trends.
● Analyzed the impact of new product launches through product-specific conversion funnels, cross-selling product analysis to understand
product recommendation to improve overall revenue.